Welcome to the course.
Another best practice for building models is to start small and simple and then slowly layer on more
complexity.
You shouldn't try to tackle the complicated stuff until you've gotten the easy stuff out of the way.
That's why we didn't start off with five locations for our lemonade business until we got one location
down or why we didn't start with two products to sell until we figured out how to model one product.
As entrepreneurs I know you might be inclined to just jump in and try to build the model that you're
looking for on your first try.
Don't do it.
Choose a simple and easy one first.
Break it into multiple steps.
If you're evaluating multiple revenue models pick one first and model that out.
If you have multiple channels where you might be pulling your customers from model one channel at a
time then combining them.
That's why we started with one location and one product for us and for the next step we made one addition
a second product and then finally we added labor in four more locations that would have been really
hard to do if we started there first.
So one of the benefits of doing this is that it's way easier to catch your mistakes.
I have been building financial models for all sorts of businesses in scenarios for well over a decade
now and I still make mistakes in the building process but I cashed them really easily.
I can fix them just as easily when you do it incrementally building your model one component at a time
and expanding it one feature at a time makes it super easy for you to know when you break something.
Starting off with 20 things.
And if it doesnt work where did you make your mistake how would you actually pinpoint that thats going
to be really tough to do that.
So be patient build your model incrementally by starting small and simple your model will be better.
You will experience fewer and less severe headaches in the process and it will definitely be more fun.